Dev/contributing (#722)
ShaneBeee/SkBee: .github/contributing.md

# Contributing to SkBee

## Golden Rules:

> 
> - I would prefer to keep NMS/Reflection related code to an absolute minimum.

Reviewer: Rather than making it a personal preference, I believe more explicit ruling on this would be better
```suggestion

- Keep any/all NMS/Reflection related code to an absolute minimum.
```

- Please make sure Skript doesn't already have an element before adding it to SkBee:
  - Check Skript's docs
  - Check Skript's `dev/feature` branch to see if anything has been added
  - Check Skript's PRs
- Do not copy/paste code from other addons/sources.
All code shoudld be written by you and adhere to our [license](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Before:
Before taking the time to make a big change and submitting a PR, we recommend posting a suggestion on the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/issues) outlining what you'd like to do. This way the team can discuss with you whether or not we want this in SkBee.

## DOs:
- PRs should be code based
- Code changes/additions should follow the style of SkBee and not conventions Skript has set.

## DON'Ts:

> - We won't accept PRs that are just string based changes. Your PR contribution should be code based. (If you find a typo, report it and/or let one of the team members know.)

Reviewer: is the reason for this part, mainly just wanting to ensure you update docs after?

Author: The idea here is I dont want PRs like people due to Skript where they literally PR a 1 char change in like the readme, or in a doc.
If you are going to contribute.. then contribute.

Reviewer: Makes sense, alright thanks!

- If a class seems outdated (in terms of formatting) please do not reformat the entire class for small changes (it makes PRs really difficult to read).
- Don't break any current syntaxes (ie: removing/changing a pattern with a breaking change).

## ClassInfos:
- All ClassInfos registered should have a check if the ClassInfo already exists and a log warning if it does.    (This helps prevent clashing with addons)
Example:
```java
if (Classes.getExactClassInfo(Spellcaster.Spell.class) == null) {
    // Register ClassInfo
} else {
    Util.logLoading("It looks like another addon registered 'spell' already.");
    Util.logLoading("You may have to use their spells in SkBee's 'Spell-caster Spell' expression.");
}
```

## Tests:

### Single Element:
When adding a new element please create a test for all possible casses.
If you are adding a single element, put the test in the appropriate `test/scripts/elements/<module>/<type>` directory.

- `module` = The Directory under `.../skbee/elements/`
- `<type>` = The type of element (expressions/conditions/effects/ect.)

### Modules/Grouped Elements:

> If you are adding a bunch of elements that can be grouped into one test, you can plop it in th `test/scripts/genera/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding a bunch of elements that can be grouped into one test, you can plop it in th `test/scripts/general/` directory.
```

Author: Jesus thanks.

See `test/scripts/general/text-component.sk` as an example.

### Naming:
All test names should start with "SkBee - ".

> This helps distinguish the tests from Skript's tests in a GitHub action.

Reviewer: Maybe additional naming conventions? So rather than seeing someone *try to* do `text/effect/SkBee - Send` encourage actual file names? `text/effect/SKbee - EffSendComponent`

Author: I'm not horribly concerned (as you can see my names are all over the place)
We could always mention it in their PR if we feel that the name seems off
Exhibit A: 
(my test names are all over the place)
<img width="470" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-09 at 7 33 59 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72c9649a-6676-4160-9d3b-e1074fea3c91" />

## DOs:
- PRs should be code based
- Code changes/additions should follow the style of SkBee and not conventions Skript has set.

## DON'Ts:
- We won't accept PRs that are just string based changes. Your PR contribution should be code based. (If you find a typo, report it and/or let one of the team members know.)
- If a class seems outdated (in terms of formatting) please do not reformat the entire class for small changes (it makes PRs really difficult to read).
- Don't break any current syntaxes (ie: removing/changing a pattern with a breaking change).

## ClassInfos:
- All ClassInfos registered should have a check if the ClassInfo already exists and a log warning if it does.    (This helps prevent clashing with addons)
Example:
```java
if (Classes.getExactClassInfo(Spellcaster.Spell.class) == null) {
    // Register ClassInfo
} else {
    Util.logLoading("It looks like another addon registered 'spell' already.");
    Util.logLoading("You may have to use their spells in SkBee's 'Spell-caster Spell' expression.");
}
```

## Branches:

> PRs should be done to the `dev/update` branch.

Reviewer: Are we planning to bring back the `dev/patch` branch or just gonna be using `dev/update` to keep everything centered?

Author: I think just keep everything centred.
Unlike Skript, we dont do patch releases then big releases.
Well I guess we kinda do.
CRAP now I dunno 😂

> PRs should be done to the `dev/update` branch.
> Changes are done to this branch before merged to `master` on release.
> If you forget to point your PR towards the update branch... don't worry, you can change it or a team member can change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PRs should be done to the `dev/update` branch.
Changes are done to this branch before getting merged into `master` on release.
If you forget to point your PR towards the update branch... don't worry, you can change it or a team member can change it.
```
